The Importance of Use Technology Correctly

Do you think your life is getting better by technology? 
Some people believe technology makes life easier, so we live better. 
However, It is not always true. 
It might be a poison depending on how you use it. 
Technology helps you save time and It is convenient and fun, but it also has negative aspects. 

First of all, technology helps you save time, but sometimes it also makes you waste time. 
Just think of the house chores.
A dishwasher washes dishes and a laundry machine washes your clothes, so you don't have to spend much time doing house chores. 
However, you also have a TV. 
You put the saved time by technology into another technology. 
Old and new medias take our time more and more. 
It depends on your choice how to use your remaining time. 
By the way, technology not only controls your time, but it also controls your movement.

Technology has been lessen our work, so it takes the chance of movement from you.
People in the past used to walk more than us. 
After we got to have cars, we don't need to walk a lot. 
Let's think of online shoping. 
You are living the era you don't need to go outside at all. 
It means you have to spend time working out in order to be healthy by your own will. 
Besides technology lessen our work, it also make our life more fun.     

Technology gives us entertainment, but sometimes It also takes away another pleasure such as reading books, spending time with our family or friend. 
We spend time watching dramas, movies and playing games. 
We can easily access to the entertainment like Youtube or mobile games and it's definitely fun, so we can be easily obsessed by those things. 
Real world is not that easy. 
It's sometimes boring and even harsh, so some people be obsessed by online world than real world.   
Technology definitely gives variety to our life but it sometimes make our life too simple.  

We cannot live without technology, but we have to be aware of the negative effect on us because it always looking for a chance to destroy our life. 
We have to organize our lifestyle regularly to be healthy and more productive. 
       